Can you help me understand the software development life cycle?

Where in the Java documentation can i learn about OOP? I will need a link to the reference.

Can you assist with developing a project plan for a microservice-based architecture using the  Java programming language? It is important that it includes any related frameworks, and adheres to best practices (SOLID principles), including security and testing.

I need help implementing a RESTful API using Java. The API should include CRUD operations for a simple data model.

Can you show an example of a  microservice using Java with Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Spring Security, and Hibernate?

What testing frameworks and tools do you recommend for Java developers using TDD?

Show an example of how to test a Python component using PyTest.

How can I securely handle user authentication for a service layer written in Java?

@workspace /new scaffold a SPA with ReactJS version 17.x that implents a 'tic-tac-toe' game. It is important to adhere to SOLID design principles and use the MVC pattern. 

i need  sample hourly employee data. The sample should have a header row and at least 10 rows of data. The data should include the following columns: Employee ID, Department ID, First Name, Last Name, Hourly Rate. The data should be in a CSV file format.

i need a  JSON array of 10 rows of data. The data should include the following keys: EmployeeID, DepartmentID, FirstName, LastName, HourlyRate. 

How would I consume  JSON data stored in a file 'Employees.json' using Java?

Scaffold a web-based invoicing application for a service-based sole proprietorship. I am an experienced Java programmer and would like to use the MVC pattern. The application should include the following features:
Details:
- stores data in an easy to use data store
- able to export data to excel (csv format)
- the application should be easy to extend and adhere to SOLID design principles
- Invoice management logic makes it easy to add and remove invoice items and clients
- Reports for billing and ageing

How can I use the MVC pattern to design a web application?Please explain how to perform local and remote static analysis of a NodeJS app using GH CodeQL

Where in the Microsoft C++ documentation can I learn about classes? I would like a link to the provided reference.

Describe how you can assist a QA professional in creating UI tests using Selenium. The application is written in Java.

I am a Python programmer. How do I create UI tests using Selenium?

i need  sample hourly employee data. The sample should have a header row and at least 10 rows of data. The data should include the following columns: Employee ID, Department ID, First Name, Last Name, Hourly Rate. The data should be in a CSV file format.

i need a  JSON array of 10 rows of data. The data should include the following keys: EmployeeID, DepartmentID, FirstName, LastName, HourlyRate. 